Key: 1 - changing major. 2 - Career Services Center.

1 Which of the following does not help explain how your major connects with possible careers?
a. Career Services Center
ai. N Incorrect. Try again!
b. Undergraduate Research Office
bi. N Incorrect. Undergraduate research can help you see what a career in research might be like. Try again!
c. Office of Academic Enrichment
ci. N Incorrect. Try again!
d. All of the above are correct
di. Y Correct! All of the above resources help explain how your major connects with possible careers.

1 If you are considering changing your major, which resource cannot best answer your questions?
a. Your resident assistant
ai. Y Correct! Your resident assistant is not a trained expert about the different majors and career possibilities available. The RA's purpose is rather to help you adjust to campus life.
b. Career Services Center
bi. N Incorrect! The Career Services Center provides information on which careers are available and how different majors connect to career options.
c. Your advisor
ci. N Incorrect! Your advisor may be helpful in answering your questions or directing you to people who can.
d. Office of Academic Enrichment
di. N Incorrect! The Office of Academic Enrichment provides online workshops about choosing and declaring a major. 

2 Which of these services does the Career Services Center provide?
a. Networking opportunities with potential employers
ai. N Incorrect. Try again!
b. Workshops on resumes, LinkedIn profiles, and interviews
bi. N Incorrect. Try again!
c. Self exploration
ci. N Incorrect. Try again!
d. All of the above
di. Y Correct! The Career Services Center provides all of these resources and more.

2 Which of the following is not a true statement about the Career Services Center?
a. It is located next to Perkins Student Center
ai. N Incorrect. Career Services is located at 401 Academy Street, right next to the Perkins Student Center.
b. You do not need an appointment to have your resume reviewed by staff
bi. N Incorrect. You may bring in your resume to receive feedback from Career Services staff from Monday-Friday from  2:00-4:00 pm. Any occasional cancellations to these hours will be posted beforehand. There are also sample resumes posted online through the Career Services Student Portal.
c. Free parking is provided
ci. Y Correct. Parking is available at the Perkins Parking Garage, but it is not free of charge after 15 minutes.
d. Information about graduate school is available.
di. N Incorrect. Information about selecting and applying to graduate, medical, and law schools is available on the Career Services website.
