Key: 1 - Student Financial Services. 2 - Center for Counseling and Student Development. 3 - Student Health Services. 4 - UDPD

1 Choose the incorrect statement about My Finances.
a. There is a portal where parents can be granted access to the student’s financial account.
ai. N This statement is correct. Try again!
b. Payments must be sent to the Student Services Building on Lovett Ave.
bi. Y You’re right, this statement is incorrect: payments can be made online through My Finances
c. There is guidance about outside scholarships
ci. N This statement is correct: My Finances provides links and tips for finding scholarships outside of the university.  Try again!
d. There is information about Work Study Options.
di. N This statement is correct. Try again!

2 What is the purpose of the assessment (screening interview) before receiving regular counseling sessions at the Center for Counseling and Student Development?
a. To determine if your financial package will cover counseling.
ai. N False: Counseling is completely covered under the Student Health Fee.
b. To determine which services would best suit your needs.
bi. Y The assessment is used to determine the frequency and type of counseling which would best suit your needs.
c. To determine if your issue really needs counseling
ci. N False: Students are never turned down because of the nature of their issue.
d. All of the above.
di. N False: two of the above statements are incorrect.

3 Which of the following is an incorrect statement about Student Health Services?
a. Free STD testing is available.
ai. N This statement is correct. Try again!
b. There is a self-care clinic which provides free over-the-counter medicine to treat the common cold as well as thermometers.
bi. N This statement is correct. Try again!
c. A wart clinic is available.
ci. N This statement is correct. Try again!
d. You must make an appointment before seeing a physician.
di. Y You're correct, this statement is false: walk-ins are accepted, but the wait time may be longer than for those students who made an appointment beforehand.

4 Which of the following is an incorrect statement about the University of Delaware Police Department?
a. Sexual Assault Prevention and Education is provided by the University of Delaware Police.
ai. N This statement is correct. Try again!
b. Physical Self Defense classes are provided by the University of Delaware Police.
bi. N This statement is correct. Try again!
c. The number to call for on-campus emergencies is (302) 831-2222.
ci. Y You're correct, this statement is false: this is the non-emergency number. Call 911 for any emergencies on campus.
d. The LiveSafe app allows you to connect with police via text.
di. N This statement is correct. Try again!
